kustomize-validate/README.md, before:

# Kustomize validation script

[README ENGLISH VERSION](./README%20_EN.md)

Este script é apenas uma forma mais fácil de verificar múltiplas pastas e validar se as configurações do seu kustomization estão corretas. 

## Requerimentos

+ Python
+ [kustomize](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/installation/kustomize/binaries/)
+ [kubernetes-validate](https://github.com/willthames/kubernetes-validate)

## Como utilizar

O script pode ser colocado em qualquer lugar, mas preferencialmente na pasta no mesmo nível do seu serviço ou stack. Neste exemplo, o serviço tem o nome de "webserver-example" e o overlay seria o "test-web". Caso queira, basta alterar a variável LOCAL do script. 

Para rodar o script, basta utilizar via linha de comando:

> ./k8s-validate.sh test-web

A API VERSION pode ser alterada ou pode ser obtida a partir do comando CURL, utilizando a variável api_version. Para isto, você terá que colocar a url do seu cluster kubernetes para obter esta informação diretamente do seu cluster.

O script vai gerar arquivos YAML provenientes do seu kustomize build, seguindo o padrão:

> service.env.yaml

Este arquivo gerado pelo kustomize build vai ser testado pelo módulo kustomize-validate utilizando a variável API_VERSION que você selecionar (ou aquela obtida pelo seu cluster).

## Contribua

Caso queira adicionar uma nova feature, encontre algum bug ou tenha alguma sugestão de melhoria, favor abrir uma Issue e criar um Pull Request com as modificações. Peço a gentilza de seguir o seguinte padrão:

+ BUGS

Criar um branch com a tag bug:

> bug-SEU-BRANCH

+ FEATURE e Melhorias

Criar um branch com a tag feature:

> feature-SEU-BRANCH

Commit message:

Big update to devops-collab site using Jekyll

kustomize-validate/README.md, after:

# Kustomize validation script

[README PORTUGUESE VERSION](./README_PT.md)

This script is just an easy way to check folders and to validate your kustomization setup.

## Requirements

+ Python
+ [kustomize](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/installation/kustomize/binaries/)
+ [kubernetes-validate](https://github.com/willthames/kubernetes-validate)

## How to use

The script can be placed anywhere, but preferably in the folder at the same level as your service or stack. In this example, the service is named "webserver-example" and the overlay would be "test-web". If you want, just change the script's LOCAL variable.

Just run via CLI:

> ./k8s-validate.sh test-web


The API VERSION variable can be changed or can be obtained from the CURL command, using the api_version variable. For this, you will have to put the url of your kubernetes cluster to obtain this information directly from your cluster.

The script will generate the YAML files from your kustomize build, as the following pattern:

> service.env.yaml

This build file will be tested against the API_VERSION variable by the kustomize-validate module.

## Contribute

To add new features, report a bug or improvements, please create an Issue and a Pull Request. I just kindly ask you to follow this standards:

+ BUGS

Create a branch with the tag BUG:

> bug-YOUR-BRANCH

+ FEATURE AND IMPROVEMENTS

Create a branch with the tag FEATURE:

> feature-YOUR-BRANCH
